as Carl von Clausewitz said pursue one
great decisive aim with force and
determination this is critical whatever
it is that you're going to do in your
life if you have any interest in doing
something extraordinary if you have any
interest in performing better than other
people if you have any interest in doing
something that will be remembered this
is the takeaway for you pick one thing
and do it with force and determination
the only way that you're going to be
able to push past the mountain of
obstacles that is going to try to stop
you is to have maniacal focus to know
exactly what you want to have clarity of
purpose to have a crystal clear vision
in your mind of what you're trying to
accomplish something that you could tell
anybody in a single sentence when you
have that and you stare at it all day
and you think about exactly how you're
gonna make it happen and you tie your
identity to it then you've got a chance
because then my friends when that
obstacle comes before you you will
muster the force that you need to
destroy that obstacle and this is where
this kind of aggressive language and
thinking is going to help you because
they will not go quietly and that's the
problem that a lot of good gentle
beautiful Souls have is when the time
comes they don't muster the force that's
required to get what they want and I
know you know like I do somebody who's a
beautiful person who's a good human
being that we wish good things for but
sometimes bad things happen because they
don't stand up for themselves and as
jaco willing said most of us aren't
defeated in one decisive battle were
defeated one tiny seemingly
insignificant surrender at a time that
chips away at who we should really be
that's how we lose it's in those little
moments the quiet moans nobody's looking
where it seems like it just doesn't
matter
and so we take the easy path we take
this surrender we don't worry about
pushing back we don't muster the force
that that obstacle demands because it's
hard it's challenging it's fear inducing
it may spike your anxiety but as you sit
there and think about that moment in
isolation you fail to see the grander
picture of what happens when one person
is whittled away one chip at a time it's
called the death of a thousand cuts any
one of them by themselves is nothing but
when you take them as a holistic thing
suddenly you cease to be the person that
you could be if you were willing to
muster the force and determination to
see yourself through to the end of what
it is that you set out to accomplish it
is not going to be easy in fact it is
going to be incredibly hard it will
challenge everything about who you are
but if you can do it at the end of that
journey you will be a fundamentally
different person in fact that is the
point my friends of going on a journey
the journey is never the point the point
is always self transformation but if you
want to transform the self in those
moments where it's called for you must
muster force and determination
you
I listen and listen well because no
truer words are ever gonna be [__]
spoken you can do anything you want
without limitation whatever it is that
you decide you want to make come true in
your life you can do that it is gonna
take an inhuman amount of work you're
gonna have to be prepared to break
yourself in half you are going to have
to learn more than anyone has ever
learned you can have to push yourself
harder than anyone has ever asked you to
push yourself before you're gonna go way
beyond your breaking point you're gonna
run until you vomit you're gonna study
until you fall asleep
you're going to push and push and push
and then you're gonna push some [__]
more and when you hit the limit you're
gonna push again beyond that you're
gonna force yourself into an adaptation
response and why because it's Malcolm X
said the future belongs to those who
prepare for it today so if you don't put
the work in today if you don't do the
unending back-breaking work of
developing yourself into something
greater the world is gonna pass you by
the people that are going to own it are
gonna be the ones that did that work and
the one promise that I can make you
right now is that somebody somebody out
there is out working somebody right now
is doing the things that I'm saying
somebody right now is doing the work of
failing and
and getting better and pushing
themselves and triggering that glorious
adaptation response that makes humans
the apex predator someone right now
they're putting in that work and if you
don't the future is gonna belong to them
and as Martin Luther King jr. said you
can't fly then run if you can't run then
walk if you can't walk then crawl but
whatever you do you have to keep moving
forward it's not okay to make excuses
it's not gonna slow people down it's not
okay to ask the world to stop so that
you can step out front it's not okay to
expect little of yourself
and demand great rewards the only thing
that's okay is to be in line with the
way that the world really works and if
you want to be great you've got to
become capable of greatness
you've got to develop your skills that
you've got to take what you have now and
if that's crawling then [__] crawl
but you drag yourself ever forward to a
vision of yourself that is so clear and
so specific that nothing too
you off your path because you my friends
know exactly where you're going you're
willing to pay whatever price it takes
to get there and no matter what anybody
says no matter how many [__] hecklers
come for you no matter how many people
try to flow dirt on you try to stop you
try to knock you down no matter how many
[__] people come for you at night
while you sleep you will rise and you
will keep pushing forward and you can
get better every day and no matter how
many times people chop at you knock you
down knock you up the path we will get
back on you will fall so you can walk
you will walk till you run and then you
will run until you fly and that my
friends is the only path forward so if
you want a [__] future that makes you
happy if you want to warm that you're
excited about get your ass out there and
earn it